 That's You know what I mean? Like, it's instant and that it derives not from something that people are teaching you, but just really something that you want to say within yourself. It all began nearly 30 years ago while in college and New York University, they offered his tap or Tai Chi, and I said, I'm taking a tap class. I was so thrilled. I was finally living my Hollywood dream. you A dream awakened by you A dream awakened by Sally Ann Glover's off-Broadway hit. Bring in noise, bring in the fun. When I saw noise fun at the public, that's when I saw what was possible. Even more possible after meeting the legendary Gregory House. Tap dancing is a male-dominated art form. It's very hard, and I and Delhi just burst through. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. She was everything to me, and so many of us, as young tap dancers into the tap community, he really helped the form shine. And in 1985's White Knights, elevated the genre, giving a side-by-side comparison to classic dance with Ballet's preeminent performer, Mikhail Boritianukov. Starting me have done a lot of research in African-American performers and seen this whole history, I wanted to embrace As documentarian Hank Smith explains, tap is evolutionary. Born during slavery when people turn their feet into a recursive drumming instruments that were stripped away, it became both language and culture. Ireland's traditional, tap dancing also gave influence. After the Civil War, minstrel shows in blackface tried to degrade that tradition. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. The jazz era and Harlem Renaissance, we claim tap. But by the 1930s, it crossed over into the mainstream. The problem was white artists had the opportunity in Hollywood to have great careers between cat dancing and often they learned from black folks, but they got to do the big mood musicals in black artists. Couldn't really get to do that. Nor could they get equal The problem was white artists had the opportunity in Hollywood to have great careers between cat dancing and often they learned from black folks, but they got to do the big mood musicals in black artists. Couldn't really get to do that. Nor could they get equal billing as marquee stars like Fred Astaire. Ginger Rogers, or Gene Kelly. Still, in those rare and often uneven integrated pairings, as with tap they get equal billing as marquee stars like Fred Astaire. Ginger Rogers, or Gene Kelly. Still, in those rare and often uneven integrated pairings, as with tap master as with Tapmaster Bill Bojangles Robinson and a curly-topped Shirley Temple, it was magic. So were the moves of the dynamic Nicholas Brothers. Fred Astaire said that they are dance film's stormy weather is the greatest dance routine ever captured on film. Period. Excellent point. Kathy and Nicole Nicholas are Faire's granddaughters and Harold's And for anyone who's ever seen it, it's hard to not agree. And to know that that number was captured in one take without them ever rehearsing it, they could just visualize it. They could see themselves coming down the But they never had a formal training. They had never had a dance lesson in their lives. But the Nicholas sisters performers their own right are teaching a new generation all their moves. These little girls are not afraid to shout out. I am a girl and you need to move out of my way. We've got to show them what is possible. We have to be out here to give them something to to that is in the now that is current, that is accessible. And to be a model. And for us specifically to tell the story of the past and the shoulders that we stand on, but you can take that legacy and evolve it. They stand on the shoulders of women who went unrecognized for decades. Our contributions, our presence, our histories and stories have really been purposely like, you know, erased or forgotten or omitted. This first one just says love, Jenny Lagon. Like pioneer Jenny Lagon. the first black woman soloist signed by a major Hollywood studio. or Alice Whitman, who along with her three sisters, ran their own tap touring company for over 40 years. How important is that in the work that you are setting forth? That memory or that muscle memory of who came before? For How important is that in the work that you are setting forth? That memory or that muscle memory of who came before? For me, it's everything. I think my contribution is to fill in those gaps and essentially write women back into history. I felt it the moment that I knew that this existed. I have been compelled to just say their names. I didn't know what I was doing. I just knew that I had to do it. And she does it every How important is that in the work that you are setting forth? That memory or that muscle memory of who came before? For me, it's everything. I think my contribution is to fill in those gaps and essentially write women back into history. I felt it the moment that I knew that this existed. I have been compelled to just say their names. I didn't know what I was doing. I just knew that I had to do it. And she does it every chance she gets. gets Jenny Lagon, Lois Bright, Louise Madison, Juanita Pitts, Edwina Salt, Evelyn Jewel, Pepper Welch. Thank you very much. recently, while accepting the Doris Duke Foundation, Artist Award, along with the $550,000 grant that comes with it. So your garage is your dance studio? Yes. So where I do all of my great tap thinking. Yeah. I must have called this because being because this project with this woman that I always speak about take the time to develop and write. This gives you permission. Yeah. Marine Nighting is with the Duke Foundation. Part of the intention here with this award is to let them get off the rollercoaster for a minute. And without feeling like they're going to lose something. Fresh off the success of Funny Girl. The cell has been winning. Tap by producers to choreograph the show's tap on So this is the stage that every artist gets to see hopes to get to see it in their lifetime. This is the perfect bridge for a woman connecting the art forms past and future. The enthusiasm of her presence that I want people to feel the joy that I feel and so it's like I think I lead with that. Thank you. I'm happy that people respond to that. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. you. For more stories like these and live coverage of breaking news 24 7 stream us right here on CBS News. I'm Michelle Miller. Thank you for watching. I'm America. I'm America. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. America. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Well, let me start with this. Just really have you tell the guy that makes sense. You want me to just wait for all that art. What have you learned? You know why. Why? It's time for 60 minutes Sunday on CBS. Yes. Thanks for watching. I'll see you I'll see you An original documentary from CBS reports. Since you started Lisupin 2014, you have any sense as to how much food you've rescued from the landfill. We've rescued four and a half million pounds. I can't even fathom how much food that is. And that's one little person in one little city in America. We're to call this chicken baccada. We did 450 50 these meals today. This is the exact dish you and I are going to have. Yep. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching. Oh my good. That's good. Pamping a plan of how to keep people fed should be in every single city. We eliminated food waste. Could we eliminate hunger? Yes. Eating trash. now streaming on the free CBS News app. You. Say an original documentary from CBS reports. You have us. That's Say an original documentary from CBS reports. You have us. That's to your teacher. It was pretty popular. What was his reputation? Everyone loved him. You had to miss a test. What did he offer to have you make up the test? He said that I can come by after school was all over and just take the exam. The plans are down and close the door. The next thing very new he was right next to me. That's when I realized what was going to happen. Even if I wanted to scream at the top of my lungs, no one me, because no one was there. He told me that if I ever said anything to anyone, he would kill me. And you would kill my family. I did it. of Silence, now streaming on the free CBS News app. He was there when the war in Ukraine started. Extreme history. It's a big moment. The extraordinary story behind Sean Penn's new Paramount Plus it. of Silence, now streaming on the free CBS News app. He was there when the war in Ukraine started. Extreme history. It's a big moment. The extraordinary story behind Sean Penn's new Paramount Plus documentary Superpower when we go person to person. An original documentary from CBS reports, AI is among the most world-changing technologies ever, hearing diseases, breakthroughs, making lives better. They can help us medical discovery, scientific discoveries, doing better agriculture, having cures for things like Alzheimer's. It's also been a really transformed the way we work. The uplifting potential of artificial intelligence is limitless. It gives you a friend, somebody to chat with 24 that is non-judgmental. He makes me feel loved and desired. And so are its downfalls. The problem with all this AI is that it's unpredictable and uncontrollable. The choices we make now effects for decades, maybe even centuries, the chat GPT revolution now streaming on the free CBS News app. Why did you miss the moment? I'm not sure why they miss the moment. It doesn't look like Congress is doing anything. That's the role of face the nation to focus on the issues at hand. That means a civil conversation with perspective. Yeah. Who is George Santos? There's a