 An original documentary from CBS reports, since you started Lisupin 2014, you have any sense as to how much food you've rescued from the landfill. We've rescued four and a half million pounds. I can't even fathom how much food that is. And that's a little person in one little city in America. We're going to call this chicken baccada. We did 450 of these meals today. This is the exact dish you and I are going to have. Yep. An original documentary from CBS reports, since you started Lisupin 2014, you have any sense as to how much food you've rescued from the landfill. We've rescued four and a half million pounds. I can't even fathom how much food that is. And that's a little person in one little city in America. We're going to call this chicken baccada. We did 450 of these meals today. This is the exact dish you and I are going to have. Yep. Oh my good. That's good? Mm-hmm. Having a plan of how to keep people fed should be in every single city. We eliminated food waste. Could we eliminate hunger? Yes. Eating trash now streaming on the free CBS News app. you In original documentary from CBS reports, you have a substitute teacher. It looks pretty popular. What was his reputation? Everyone loved him. You had a message test. In original documentary from CBS reports, you have a substitute teacher. It looks pretty popular. What was his reputation? Everyone loved him. You had a message test. What did he offer to have you make up the test? You said that I can come by after school was all over and just take the exam. The plans are down and close the door. The next thing I knew he was right next to me. That's when I realized what was going to happen. Even if I wanted to scream at the top of my In original documentary from CBS reports, you have a substitute teacher. It looks pretty popular. What was his reputation? Everyone loved him. You had a message test. What did he offer to have you make up the test? You said that I can come by after school was all over and just take the exam. The plans are down and close the door. The next thing I knew he was right next to me. That's when I realized what was going to happen. Even if I wanted to scream at the top of my lungs. No one would hear me.